Psalm 34
psalm of David when he pretended madness
before Abimelech who drove him away and
he departed I will bless the Lord at all
times his praise shall continually be in
my mouth my soul shall make its boast in
the Lord the humble shall hear of it and
be glad o magnify the Lord with me and
let us exalt his name together I sought
the Lord and he heard me and delivered
me from all my fears they looked to him
and were radiant and their faces were
not ashamed
this poor man cried out and the Lord
heard him and saved him out of all his
troubles the angel of the lord encamps
all around those who fear him and
delivers them o taste and see that the
Lord is good blessed is the man who
trusts in him Oh fear the Lord you his
Saints there is no want to those who
fear him the Young Lions lack and suffer
hunger but those who seek the Lord shall
not lack any good thing come your
children listen to me I will teach you
the fear of the Lord
who is the man who desires life and
loves many days that he may see good
keep your tongue from evil and your lips
from speaking deceit depart from evil
and do good seek peace and pursue it the
eyes of the Lord are on the righteous
and his ears are open to their cry the
face of the Lord is against those who do
evil to cut off the remembrance of them
from the earth the righteous cry out and
the Lord hears and delivers them out of
all their troubles the Lord is near to
those who have a broken heart and saves
such as have a contrite spirit many are
the afflictions of the righteous but the
Lord delivers him out of them all heat
guards all his bones not one of them is
broken evil shall slay the wicked and
those who hate the righteous shall be
condemned the Lord redeems the soul of
his servants and none of those who trust
in him shall be condemned
you
[Music]